<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<?xml-stylesheet  type="text/xsl" href="mathml.xsl"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:pref="http://www.w3.org/2002/Math/preference" pref:renderer="mathplayer-dl">
  <head>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="omdoc-cnx.css"/>
    <title>The Logics Theory Collection</title>
  </head>
  <body>
<div class="titleblock">
<div class="title">The Logics Theory Collection</div>
<div class="authors">Michael Kohlhase</div>
<div class="date">2002-02-20</div>
<div class="description">
   A collection of OMDoc documents that define the most commonly used logics
  </div></div>


<h1 id="introduction">1. Introduction</h1>
<div class="omtext" id="intro.1">
<p>
   This theory collection makes available an interdependent collection of theories
   that define logics. These logics are a foundation for the interoperability and
   communication between reasoning services on 
<span style="acronym">MathWeb</span>.
  </p>
</div>

<h1 id="prop-log">2. Propositional Logics</h1>
<div class="omtext" id="prop-log-intro">
<p>
   Propositional logics are logics that abstract from the inner structure of
   statements, and only study their interrelation in complex formulae built up
   from propositional connectives.
  </p>
</div>

<h1 id="fol">3. First-Order Logics</h1>
<div class="omtext" id="fol-intro">
<p>
   First-order logics are logics that allow quantification over individuals. They
   are usually untyped.
  </p>
</div>

<h1 id="untyped">4. Untyped Calculi</h1>
<div class="omtext" id="untyped-intro">
<p>
   Untyped lambda calculus and other calculi with built-in notions of equality
  </p>
</div>

<h1 id="types">5. Type Systems</h1>
<div class="omtext" id="pl0-intro">
<p>Type systems are basic building blocks of many logics.</p>
</div>

<h1 id="typed-logics">6. Typed Logics and Type Theories</h1>
<div class="omtext" id="typed-logics-intro">
<p>In this section we will introduce logics that use type systems to
  categorize the basic building blocks.</p>
</div>

<h1 id="systems">7. Interface Logics of particular Systems</h1>
<div class="omtext" id="systems-intro">
<p>The following theories model the interface logics of particular
  mathematical software systems. They provide this functionality mainly by
  importing from the theories above, and only specify the ideosyncrasies of the
  particular logics that defy the generalization in the hierarchy above.</p>
</div>

<div class="omtext" id="disclaimer">
<p>The formalizations of systems are not ready yet</p>
</div>



</body>
</html>
